[6274][FIX] iap_mail_domain_blacklist: cannot install for list_db=False odoo.conf (#101)
qrtl/mi7-oca: iap_mail_domain_blacklist/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

This module allows adding domains to the mail domain blacklist to prevent Odoo from assuming  
that users with the same domain belong to the same organization.

The effect of blacklist domains depends on how the Odoo server is configured to
load databases. In environments where multiple databases can be listed and
accessed, blacklist entries apply across all of them. When the server loads only

> a single, explicit database, the blacklist affects only that database.

Reviewer: This doesn't sound accurate.

Author: Updated. Please review again.

This module allows adding domains to the mail domain blacklist to prevent Odoo from assuming  
that users with the same domain belong to the same organization.

Blacklisted domains are shared across all effective databases on the server.
When the db_name parameter is set, the effective database is assumed to be the

> value of that parameter. If db_name is not set and list_db is true, all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blacklisted domains are shared across all effective databases on the server.
When the db_name parameter is set, the effective databases are assumed to be the
values of that parameter. If db_name is not set and list_db is true, all
```
